hi Neha I'm chef Tom welcome to fortune
cooking today I'm going to show you how
to make a noodle soup is Asian one Thai
noodle soup and we have bok choy baby
bok choy I split it in half and I have
eight one time the Asian one time I
remake you can check it out my one time
a drop soup recipe and already cook
roast pork you can use a pork tenderloin
or pork shoulder and cut it like two
inches square take strip and just
marinate it like just the same recipe
that my spareribs so and also like a
garnish green pepper and also I have the
dry garlic and the noodle I used today
is this perfect for the wonton noodle
soup is that some way eight noodle
strictly for one Thai noodle soup and I
show you how to cook okay war is boiling
for some one time noodle and I got this
really long noodle chopstick it's like
18 inches here we go they're new do only
cook about two minutes
it's not long will take long okay
okay about two minutes the new rows done
you just put it on your spider drainer
here and drip it out and put it in your
football yeah little bit that's a that's
a spider like a strainer strictly for
noodle soup they go like a deeper shape
like this and if you can get one of
those in the future to cook the noodle
soup it's very nice alright the next
thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add oh
my one ton white the water still boiling
okay and my vegetable all right and the
vegetable only need to cook for like 30
seconds and I'm gonna get out the
vegetable first and the one time I let
them cook until done probably take about
2 to 3 minutes ok at this point this
broth is really good it's okay you can
do this and
this one time to do soup sometimes you
can garnish with beside one time you can
make sure one time pork one time and a
lots of Asian people would like to put
with like fish cake and we can put like
beef brisket
okay ingredient you know so is no rule
you make your own whatever you feel like
it today but tonight I just want to have
some roast pork in some one time and
some vegetable with a nice warm stock
and the nice noodle soup
okay so now it's about 30 seconds I'm
going to get the vegetable out real
quick just like this okay and I've put
it in my soup bowl here too as well and
then I'm gonna wait until the water boil
to cook my one time it's very simple
it's a comfort noodle soup easy to make
all right I see you later after three
and a half minutes my one time is done
and beautiful nice one ton I put it into
my soup ball and then the meantime I
have a pot after she can stop almost
ready and some people will just use the
same broth that they cook with the
noodle because the eight nuru they have
a very nice and unique taste but I'm
gonna show you how to make the stuff
okay I have my cap off the chicken stock
here is boiling and I just add some
mirin cooking wine and just a little bit
1/2 TSP soy sauce okay and a little bit
drizzle the sesame oil just like this
very tiny little bit just give the sweet
and low flavor and some people like to
put ginger and green onion and oh the
vegetables stop any way you like but I
like to have my soup plan simple because
I have the roast pork they give you the
little texture of the barbecue flavor
and the vegetable is so crispy in and
blaming the 8 noodle soup the new really
have a flavor for it so this is not
alright next I'm gonna turn off the
broth and I just explode you proem
really nice and hot just like this
perfect and then I will garnish the
green onion okay and then the dry garlic
right here just like this here you go
dump some Asian one time your soup
excellent here's your final noodle soup
one time noodle soup that you can on the
side can have hot chili with some soy
sauce and you know all the dipping sauce
you like with your one time and the
roast pork I just gonna show you how
wonderful how yummy this did you see
that's how you eat it with the soup and
the noodle and everything else together
all right here we go
I'm chef tom thank you for watching
fortune cookie I see you next time